Hahaha, get up for me.
Stay calm and find your promise, Xiuxiu
Then the surgery failed
Mine is obviously four times, right?
Shut up who said the surgery failed
The patient was obviously in serious condition
Do I have a question?
Hurry up and solve it, deal with it, and go out with me.
Oh, I said don't turn around, miss
My head hurts
Let's calm down and don't worry.
That's my dad
That's my only relative
What should I do if he has three long and two short?
What am I afraid of going to the doctor?
This lady
I'm so sorry.
Your father's condition is too serious
Lack of hope
But don't worry.
Doctor Gao
I've done my best to help you pay for the surgery
I promise I'll wake up and see you for the last time.
Why are you laughing at me? You don't see each other.
Come and help me
Silly, you've been sitting here making trouble since just now
This is a hospital.
I can't let you be presumptuous
How can I not be able to have a temper?
Weren't you responsible for the patient just now?
Why don't you mention it now?
Enough boy
When is it about healing and saving people?
It's your turn to point fingers
Get out of here!
Yo, pissed off, right?
If you don't have the ability, stay wherever it's cool
Sister, go in
Stop
I'll see which of you dares to go in